The results in this report have been produced using data from the joint
database of Makati Medical Center and Tropical Disease Foundation. For
information, or to contribute to the collaboration, please contact
[inquiries@isaric.org](inquiries@isaric.org).

We thank all of the data contributors for collecting standardised data
during these extraordinary times. We plan to issue this report of
aggregate data regularly for the duration of the SARS-CoV-2/COVID-19
pandemic.

Up to the date of this report, data have been entered for **3276**
individuals from from various sites across the Republic of the
Philippines.

The analysis detailed in this report only includes individuals for whom
data collection commenced on or before 15 March 2021. (We have applied a
14-day rule to focus analysis on individuals who are more likely to have
a recorded outcome. By excluding patients enrolled during the last 14
days, we aim to reduce the number of incomplete data records and thus
improve the generalisability of the results and the accuracy of the
outcomes. However, this limits our focus to a restricted cohort despite
the much larger volumes of data held in the database.) and who have
laboratory-confirmed or clinically-diagnosed SARS-COV-2 infection.

The cohort comprises **3276** individuals, including 1643 males and 1612
females - sex is unreported for 21 cases.

The median age (calculated based on reported age) is 57 years. The
minimum and maximum observed ages are 1 and 104 years respectively.

Outcomes have been recorded for 3276 patients, consisting of 3059
recoveries, 123 deaths, 32 facility-transfers, and 0 palliative
discharge. Follow-up is ongoing for 1 in-hospital patients. Outcome is
unreported for 61

The observed mean duration for the number of days from hospital
admission to outcome (death or discharge) is 7.0936224 days, with a
standard deviation (SD) of 4.7180098. These estimates are based on all
cases which have complete records on length of hospital stay.

The observed mean number of days from (first) symptom onset to hospital
admission is 15.692607 (SD: 13.463306).

The symptoms on admission represent the policy for hospital admission
and containment at that time plus, whatever the case definition was. As
time passes for most countries these will change. The four most common
symptoms at admission were fatigue and malaise alongside cough, history
of fever and shortness of breath.
